README.md, before:

# CMSC-447-Project-Historical-Tours

Historical tours: A web app where users can select historical figures/events and the application will generate a list of sites nearby the user with historical relevance to the selected figure/event. For the sake of simplicity, the MVP of this system will be limited to a small collection of historical figures.

### Directions how to run the webapp locally using the django test server:

##### Mac:
1. install virtualenv:  
    `pip install virtualenv`
2. make the virtualenv directory in the root project directory where the file manage.py is:  
    `virtualenv .venv` 
3. Activate the virual environment:  
    `source venv/bin/activate`
4. Install dependancys:  
    `pip install -r ./requirements.txt`
5. download .env file and add the google_API_key in the root project directory 
6. run the following command and go the the url `127.0.0.1:8000` in your browser:  
    `python manage.py runserver`

##### windows:
1. Open your terminal in the root project directory and run the following command:  
    `Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope Process`
2. install virtualenv:  
    `pip install virtualenv`
3. make the virtualenv directory in the root project directory where the file manage.py is:  
    `python -m virtualenv .venv` 
4. Activate the virual environment:  
    `.venv/Scripts/activate`
5. Install dependancys:  
    `pip install -r ./requirements.txt`
6. download .env file and add the google_API_key in the root project directory:   
7. run the following command and go the the url `127.0.0.1:8000` in your browser:  
    `python manage.py runserver`

### Test Suits:

The django a tests.py file can be found in the tour_app directory and can be ran by calling the following command in the root project directory  
 `python manage.py test tour_app`

The some of the javascript unit tests for the google maps api implementation can be found the the tour_app\js_tests and can be ran by running the django test server and going to the url below:  
`python manage.py runserver`
`127.0.0.1:8000/tests/map_test`

Commit message:

Added django python tests for the itinerary creation and saving of locations to hteir respective itinerary. also changed the google maps javascript tests to reflect modifications made to some of the functions

README.md, after:

# CMSC-447-Project-Historical-Tours

Historical tours: A web app where users can select historical figures/events and the application will generate a list of sites nearby the user with historical relevance to the selected figure/event. For the sake of simplicity, the MVP of this system will be limited to a small collection of historical figures.

### Directions how to run the webapp locally using the django test server:

##### Mac:
1. install virtualenv:  
    `pip install virtualenv`
2. make the virtualenv directory in the root project directory where the file manage.py is:  
    `virtualenv .venv` 
3. Activate the virual environment:  
    `source venv/bin/activate`
4. Install dependancys:  
    `pip install -r ./requirements.txt`
5. download .env file and add the google_API_key in the root project directory 
6. run the following command and go the the url `127.0.0.1:8000` in your browser:  
    `python manage.py runserver`

##### windows:
1. Open your terminal in the root project directory and run the following command:  
    `Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope Process`
2. install virtualenv:  
    `pip install virtualenv`
3. make the virtualenv directory in the root project directory where the file manage.py is:  
    `python -m virtualenv .venv` 
4. Activate the virual environment:  
    `.venv/Scripts/activate`
5. Install dependancys:  
    `pip install -r ./requirements.txt`
6. download .env file and add the google_API_key in the root project directory:   
7. run the following command and go the the url `127.0.0.1:8000` in your browser:  
    `python manage.py runserver`

### Test Suits:

The django a tests.py file can be found in the tour_app directory and can be ran by calling the following command in the root project directory  
 `python manage.py test tour_app`
 
Tests for the intinerary back end can be ran using:
 `python ./manage.py test tour_app.tests.itineraryTests`

The some of the javascript unit tests for the google maps api implementation can be found the the tour_app\js_tests and can be ran by running the django test server and going to the url below:  
`python manage.py runserver`
`127.0.0.1:8000/tests/map_test`
